Workflow Edits (#596)
IMAP-Science-Operations-Center/imap_processing: docs/source/development-guide/style-guide/git-and-github-workflow.rst

   ``imap_processing`` `repository <https://github.com/IMAP-Science-Operations-Center/imap_processing>`_ and clicking
   the ``Fork`` button near the top-right of the page. Follow the various steps to create a fork under your GitHub
   account.

>    *Note: Name the fork something general, and not specific to the issue being addressed. The branch title will follow the specific project.*

Reviewer: I am a bit confused by this, since by default, forks are named the same as the repository (i.e. `imap_processing` in this case).

Author: For me, I had an option to name my fork. This might just be a rookie git mistake but I named my fork what I should have named my branch. I am actually planning on creating a new fork after these first two pull requests are merged and starting to work from that more appropriately named one. (I don't anticipate people who have used git extensively before to have the same problem, but both Daralynn and I fell down this rabbit hole.)

Reviewer: Oh interesting! I hadn't realized that you could name a fork like that.

       git clone https://github.com/<username>/imap_processing.git  # for HTTPS
       git clone git@github.com:<username>/imap_processing.git  # for SSH

>    This must be done even if you have previously cloned the repository. You must clone your personal fork.

Reviewer: Nice, I like this clarification!

   .. code-block:: bash

>        pip3 install pre-commit

Reviewer: Since we are abandoning the 'install development dependencies' part of this, could you also update the text in the instructions for this? Perhaps something like

```
Install the ``pre-commit`` library to enable pre-commit hooks.  These hooks will automatically ...
```

>    If this results in errors, check the correct form of pip is being employed using ``which pip``.

Reviewer 2: You can also add that this step is optional - it's only necessary if you want the pre-commit hooks locally for convenience. They will always run when a PR is made, so it's not like you're skipping the checks without it.

>    If this results in errors, check the correct form of pip is being employed using ``which pip``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If this results in errors, check the correct form of pip is being employed using ``which pip`` or ``which pip3``.
```

#. Retrieve the ``upstream`` ``dev`` branch:

   .. code-block:: bash

       git fetch upstream
       git checkout -b dev upstream-dev

>    To check this step, run ``git status``. The branch name should be ``upstream-dev``.

Reviewer: Since the `dev` branch is the default branch of the repo, it automatically 'comes down' when you clone the repo, so I think this whole section could be removed actually.

Author: Would love to ask more about this on Monday.

#. Create a feature branch off of the ``dev`` branch to develop changes on. Branch names should be short but
   descriptive (e.g. ``update-codice-unit-tests``) and not too generic (e.g. ``bug-fix``, ``updates``). Consistent use
   of hyphens is encouraged.

>    Place the terminal in the file path of the fork you created in step one. Then, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: The term for this is "working directory"
```suggestion
   In the terminal, set your working directory to the file path of the fork you created in step one. Then, run the following command:
```

Reviewer 2: This comment includes a suggested change - if this is something you like, you can commit it right from the UI using `commit suggestion`. Make sure you run `git pull` on your local branch whenever you do this. It can be a good way to make specific suggestions, but note that they are optional - if you don't like my suggestion, feel free to address the comment in another way (which we will cover on Monday in more depth.)

If someone is making a code suggestion, I highly suggest updating it locally and testing it before committing - it's really easy to make typos like missing parentheses or invalid methods when suggesting changes.

>    Place the terminal in the file path of the fork you created in step one. Then, run the following command:

Reviewer: I was a bit confused with the wording here, this might be a better way of saying it?

```suggestion
Make sure your current working directory is located within the `imap_processing` repo. Then, run the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: bash

        git checkout -b <branchname>

#. Make changes to the branch using the nominal ``git add``/``git commit`` cycle.

>    *Note: Open the forked repository in a chosen IDE to make alterations.*

Reviewer: Slight change to the wording here to help make it clear that its not necessarily _required_ to use an IDE

```suggestion
   *Note: You can open the forked repository in a chosen IDE to make changes.*
```
